W 12006339 v25 dwfunction chk v2 duke (#226)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dw-core.adoc

by the preceding expression is not `null`.
| xref:dw-core-functions-to.adoc[to] | Returns a range with the specified boundaries.
| xref:dw-core-functions-trim.adoc[trim] | Removes any blank spaces from the beginning and end of a string.

> | xref:dw-core-functions-typeof.adoc[typeOf] | Returns the basic data type of a value.

Author: TODO: what does "basic data type" mean?

> | xref:dw-core-functions-typeof.adoc[typeOf] | Returns the basic data type of a value.

Author: ```suggestion
| xref:dw-core-functions-typeof.adoc[typeOf] | Returns the primitive data type of a value, such as `String`.
```
